fix: fix the missing entry in the index and update the codes (#12)
jina-ai/docs: chapters/crud/index.md

        f.update(input_fn=random_docs(10))

    with f:

>         f.delete(input_fn=[d.id for d in random_docs(10)])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        delete_ids = [d.id for d in random_docs(10)]
        f.delete(delete_ids)
```

Reviewer: writing in this way is more clear that we do not need to construct docs for deleting
